#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via gdown
black==22.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via requests
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
gdown==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
identify==2.6.5
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.2.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-utilities==0.11.9
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycocotools
    #   seaborn
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   lightning
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   properscoring
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycocotools
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via pyro-ppl
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
polars==0.20.16
    # via -r requirements.in
pre-commit==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
properscoring==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==15.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pyro-api==0.1.2
    # via pyro-ppl
pyro-ppl==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-lazy-fixture
pytest-lazy-fixture==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.2.5
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.5.0
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   properscoring
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
torch==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.5.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pyro-ppl
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.40.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.28.1
    # via pre-commit
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
